Bluetooth: Mesh: Fix bug DTT spanning multiple elements (#11587)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/mesh/gen_dtt_srv.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 2

The DTT Server provides a common way to specify the state transition time for other models on any element.

> If the DTT Server is not present on the element of the model, then use the DTT Server model instance that is present on the element with the largest address that is smaller than the address of the given element.

Reviewer: You removed main.
I was just wondering if you by main element meant root element?

Author: No, not root element. The element that the model is defined on.

> If the DTT Server is not present on the element of the model, then use the DTT Server model instance that is present on the element with the largest address that is smaller than the address of the given element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a DTT Server is not present on the model's element, use the DTT Server model instance that is present on the element with the largest address that is smaller than the address of the given element.
```

> If the DTT Server is not present on the main element of the model, then the DTT Server model instance that is present on the element with the largest address that is smaller than the address of the main element shall be used.

Reviewer 2: What is `main element of the model`? I don't think I've heard of models having a main element before?
